This is a Chevalier sale.
Coming up on the first really big ticket.
This is lot 38, 38, 39 coming up.
Lot 39, I have two bits on this lot.
The only bid is $10,000.
$10,000.
This would get $10,000.
$11,000 in the room.
$11,000.
$12,000.
$15,000.
$13,000 in the room.
$15,000 in the room.
At 15,000 on the island, 15,000.
At 15,000 on.
This on the island, 15,000 more than any more now.
Do you know this?
Lots of 40.
The little notebook, I have, I have $400 here, but I'm going to top that on 24.
It's $500, here it's $500, it's $500, it's $50, $600, and $50, $700, and $30, $750, $800, and $50, that's $900.
At $1,000.
At $1,400.
Lock number 41, Panagé-Massé Carnegie.
I have two minutes on this, and I must say five minutes to start.
Four minutes to start, and I beg your pardon.
Four minutes to win me.
Four minutes.
Thank you for tripping.
And 50, about 550, back to the room, 600 now.
And 50, 400, and 50, 800, and 50, 900, and 70, 1,000.
Ladies say that, $1,000.
At $1,000, then, with the lady, $1,000.
At $1,000, hold up, $1,000.
You accept that.
We now begin the long section of the River Rock of the Area Sun, beginning with lot 42.
350 for this, 350, 380, 420, 450, 450, 480, 480 dollars, 500 would be made up at 550.
50 now, 550 dollars, 550 in the bank at 550, and 550 dollars, all that is 550, any more than 550 dollars.
$1,000, $1,200, $1,200, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700, $1,900, $2,000, $2,200, $2,500, $3,000.
At $3,000 in the back of $3,200 in the new place, $3,200 on the island, yes, you're on the phone, $3,500 on the phone, $3,500 on the phone, $3,500 on the phone, $3,800 on the phone, $4,000 on the phone, and $4,000 on the phone
Thank you.
Plot number 44.
I have two bits on this one, and I'm going to say $700.
And $700 is with me at $700.
$500 against me at $50.
And $900 against me at $50.
And $1,000 is still with me at $3,000.
$1,000 is still with me at $1,000.
I'll set it back to the panel for others.
One over three.
up number 45, the proper Dutch fortune teller, $5,000 a month, $5,500, $6,500, $7,500, $8,500, $9,500, $10,000, $10,000, $10,000, $11,000, $12,000, $13,000, $15,000, $15,000,
At $15,000, they were back at $15,000, then, at $15,000.
At $15,000, they were back on my wife, $15,000, and we got $15,000.
Thanks.
What about the 46th?
1,500 dollars to this, 1,500, 1,600, 1,600, 1,700, 1,800.
At 1,800 it still will be at 1,800 dollars, 1,800 dollars, it will be still at 1,800, 2,000 or back, 2,200 now.
2,200, 2,500 back.
At $2500, sit at the back, $2500.
At $2500, sit at the back, at $2500.
With you at $2500, at $2500.
Further?
Side away.
Lot number 47, there is a tiny slip to the surface value of the upper joint.
On lot 47, it's my name.
Lot 47, I'll say $1,500 to start this step, $1,800 at $1,800 at $1,800 at $1,800
3,000 dollars.
It's about 3,000 dollars.
Any more for 3,000 dollars.
3,000 dollars.
Lover.
508.
Lot number 48.
I have $550 bid on this, that's $550 today.
With me at $550 at $550.
The base here at $550, $650 against you.
$650 would still win me at $650, $750 against you now.
$750 would be $850 against you again.
$850, $950, $950.
At $950, it will be still $950.
$950 anymore.
$950.
One over one over.
Three, five, or six.
I've got a number there.
Thank you.
Four, we want to stay there.
Lot number 49, I'm sorry, now I have 49 and I have 550 to get on this.
550, it will be at 550, and 550 to get on this and I got 530, 600 again.
650, 750 again.
750 again.
$950, $950, $1,000 on the phone, $1,000 at $1,000, $1,100 now in the room, at $1,700, this is the room, $1,200 on the phone, $1,400 on the phone
Number 50, Costello, with the Welsh views.
$1,800, $1,800, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,800, $2,800, $2,800, $2,800, $2,800, $4,800, $4,800, $4,800, $4,800, $4,800.
You only have $5,000.
$5,000.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
$5,000.
$5,31.
Lot of 51, the George Law.
$12,000 for this.
$12,000 for it.
$12,500.
$13,000.
$13,500.
$14,000.
$15,000.
$16,000.
$17,000.
Yes, the first $20,000 to $25,000.
$20,000, at $20,000 there, near the back of the room, $20,000, at $20,000, there's near the back of $20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, at $25,000, near the back on my right, $25,000, at $25,000, at $25,000, at $25,000, max.
$25,000.
This is all above the estimate of $4,500 to $5,500.
Lot 53, the first of the...
Manuscripts, this is May Day.
6,000, what was the list?
6,000, 6,500, 7,000, 7,500, 8,000, 8,500, it's still in here, 8,500, 9,000, 9,500, 10,000, 11,000, 12,000, 14,000, they're near the back, 12,000 dollars.
At 12,000 dollars, 15,000, 15,000, 15,000.
That's $15,000.
This is about $15,000.
This is very bad.
$15,000.
At $15,000.
Any more?
$15,000.
All in there.
Lot number 54.
The message comes critical.
I have $750 on this to finish here at $750, $850, $950, $1,000, $1,200, $1,200, $1,300, $1,300.
It's with me at $1,300 and $1,300.
It's still with me at $1,300 to finish here at $1,300.
On dollar two.
lot on the city side, and the frango, two holes,
$15,000 for this, $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000, $18,000, $19,000, $19,000, $19,000, $19,000, $50,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, $26,000, $27,000, $28,000, $29,000, $29,000, $30,000, $30,000,
At $30,000, then they're back to $30,000.
At $30,000 anymore now, $30,000 and $33,000.
$32,000.
Thank you.
$32,000 next month, $34,000.
$34,000 there.
Another bit, $34,000 and $34,000.
Lot number 56, Priya.
I have two beds on this and I will say 4,500.
That is with me at 4,500.
4,500 dollars at 4,500 dollars.
With me, I'll sell the opening of the bed at 4,500 and 4,500 dollars.
Any more?
4,800.
Thank you, sir.
5,000.
Thank you.
with the $5,000 set and $5,000 still with me at $5,000 and we get to $5,000, $1,016.
Lost 57, I have two beds on this, and I would say $1,800 to start it now.
It's with me at $1,800.
$2,000, $2,200, $2,400.
$2,400 near the back at $2,400.
This near the back at $2,400 now at $2,400.
Near the back at $2,400.
All done.
There's this.
5,5,3.
Go ahead.
$15,000.
Any more?
Lot number 71, water collection fans, two in the lot, and 4,000 bottles for these, 4,000 bottles, $2,500, $4,800, $4,800, $5,000, $5,500, $6,000, $5,500, $7,000, $7,000, near the back it's $7,000, $7,500, $8,000.
$8,000.
Near the back $8,800 in a new place now.
$9,000.
$9,500.
$10,000.
At $10,000.
Near the back at $10,000.
Is there any more than $10,000?
At $10,000.
All done.
Max.
Lot number 72.
Watson.
After the bed sheet, $1,500, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700, $1,800, $1,800, $1,900, $1,900, $1,900, $1,900, $2,000, $2,200, $2,200, $2,200, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500.
And Lot 73, the portraits of the Sovereigns of England.
$15,000 from this, $15,000, thank you, $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $22,000, $25,000, $28,000, $30,000, $32,000, $35,000, then at $35,000, we're at the back of $35,000.
at $35,000, at $35,000.
Bins me in the bank at $35,000.
Anymore, $35,000?
Lot number 74.
Another manuscript.
2,500, 2,500, 2,800, 2,800, 2,800, 3,000, 3,200.
$3,200 is going to be at $3,200 there, and $3,200, any more than $3,200, $5,000, $3,800, $4,000, $4,000, in the back of $4,000, $4,000, any more than $4,000, $4,000.
Lot number 75, the first
I have two minutes on this, and I was opening the video at $10,000.
It's with me at $10,000.
$11,000 against you.
It's with me at $11,000.
$11,000.
$14,000.
At about $14,000, $15,000.
$16,000.
What, in 1976, I will say $12,000 to start with me at $12,000.
At $12,000, $12,500, $13,000.
$13,500 at the back.
At $13,500, $14,000.
$15,000, $16,000, $17,000 at the back.
At $17,000, this at the back, $17,000.
Any more than $17,000.
All in over.
Here we go.
This is the main event This section is the main event
$4,000 at $4,000.
$4,200 in the room.
$4,200.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$5,000.
$5,500.
$6,000.
$6,500.
$7,000.
Lot 78.
I've got 78, I have $2,500 bid on this, now $2,500 is bid, it's $2,500, it's $2,500, $2,800, $3,000 against you, and $3,000, it's still with me at $3,000 then, and $3,000 anymore, and $3,000 at $3,000.
$2,000 in time, it's in the room, $3,200, at $3,200, at $3,200, it's in the room, $3,200, $3,200.
Lot number 79, the coronation Bible.
$2,500 for this, $2,500.
$2,500, $2,800, $3,000, $3,200, $3,500, $3,800, $4,000, $4,200, $4,500, $4,800, $5,000.
$5,000 near the back, $5,500 in the UK.
$6,000, $6,500.
$7,000, $7,500.
Seventy-five hundred dollars, and seventy-five hundred dollars.
On my right, seventy-five hundred dollars, seventy thousand, five hundred dollars.
Lot number eighty.
I have $300 bid on this now.
$300 is bid.
At $300, this will be at $320.
$350.
$380.
$400.
$20.
$420.
$450.
Thank you.
Lot number 81, 1787, Robert Burns.
$1,500 for this, $1,500 for it.
$1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $2,200, $2,500, $2,800, $3,000, $3,000.
Near the bank of $3,000, $3,000 at $3,000.
This little bank of $3,000 at $3,000.
All done.
And on 82 Coleridge, I have an announcement that this founding was finished on 24 October 1913.
Finished on 24 October 1913.
Well, so this says 30,000 levels, 32,000, 35,000, 38,000.
At 38,000 levels, that's 38,000.
At 38,000, 40,000, 42,000.
At 42,000 levels, 45,000, 48,000.
At 48,000 levels, it's up here at 48,000.
At 48,000, 50,000, 55,000.
and 55,000, we're still going to be at 55,000, 60,000, 65,000, and 65,000 dollars then, and 65,000 dollars.
$67,000?
Yes, $67,000.
$70,000 against you.
$70,000 there.
$70,000.
$72,000.
$75,000.
$78,000 now.
To get you at $78,000.
$80,000.
This is the rule at $80,000.
At $80,000, the bidding is in the room at $80,000.
At $80,000, it's against you on the phone at $80,000.
All done, $80,000.
Joseph.
Five, five, three.
Lot's 83.
The note when?
400 golds for this then 400 dollars at 800 at 800 and 50.
900 and 50.
951 thousand dollars 1100
$1,100 at the back row, $1,100 now, and $1,100, place on the back row, $1,100, and $1,700.
Lot number 84.
$1,000 for this, and $1,000 for $1,100, and $1,100 for near $1,100, $1,200, $1,300, $1,300, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700, $1,800, $1,900, $2,000 in the room, at $2,000, this is the room at $2,000.
at $2,000, at $2,200 on the phone, $2,400 in the room now, at $2,400, at $2,400, $2,600 on the telephone, $2,800 at the room.
Mind you, the cracking of the service level of the upper hip, I have 200 or something, I'm going to say 300 to start, it won't be at 300, 300, it's a bit for me at 300, 300, I'll sell that here instead of 300, I'll give you 400.
...and $400... ...and $450... ...and $450... ...and $450... ...and $450... ...and $450... ...to accept.
Lot 86, I know for two minutes on this phone, and $500, $500, it's worth the entire company, and $500, and $3,630, and $730, and $730, and $850, and $850, near the back of 850, all about $850.
$850.
What, um, 87, uh, uh, sort of a tiny sort of dense with suppressions in the upper cover, in those years.
Um...
$350 for those $350, $350, $350, $500, $500, $50, $600, $50, $700, $50, $800, $50, $900, $50, and $950, and $950 near the bank, $951,000, $1,100, and $1,100 against you on the phone, $1,200, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700,
1800, 1900, 2000, at 2000, it's a telephone bid at 2000, at 2000 dollars, it's a telephone bid at 2000 dollars, it's a telephone bid at 2000 dollars, it's all about at 2000 dollars.
Thank you.
1786, thank you very much.
Not the day you gave your results, isn't it?
Please note that there was one room in the past.
And I have, um, five years already, and I'll just say $6,000 at the opening of the vehicle going to buy.
$6,500 now in the room, $6,500.
$7,000 on the room, $7,500, $8,000, $3,500, $9,000.
At $9,000, $5,500, $9,500, $10,000.
At $10,000, $11,000 on the aisle now, $11,000.
$17,000.
$12,000 on the telephone at $12,000.
$12,000 on the telephone at $12,000 on the telephone at $12,000 on the telephone
I have two bids on this and I must say $850 to start.
It will be at 850 yet.
850 is against you all.
I'll sell the opening bids.
I wonder in time at $900 at the back of the road at $900.
At $900.
At $50.
$1,000.
$100.
$1,500.
At $1,300.
Lot number 19, the Heriots.
$1,500 for this, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700, $1,900, $2,000, $2,200, $2,500, $2,500.
At $2,500, near the back, at $2,500, at $2,500, any more than $2,500, at $2,500, $800 now, $2,800, $2,000, $2,500.
$3,500 in the same place
Two thousand dollars.
Two months.
Twenty five hundred dollars.
Any more?
Twenty five hundred.
And what?
Twenty two.
I have two bits close together and I must say
2,100, I'll take this one up in one, so it's 2,100 dollars, that expense, 2,200, 2,100, 2,200, 2,300, 3,400, 3,500, 3,600 there, 2,600 dollars, 3,700, 3,800, 3,900, 3,000, 3,000 dollars now, there's a two year now, 3,200, 3,400, 3,600, 3,800, 4,000, 4,200, 4,500,
$4,500.
Are you still ready?
Yeah.
$5,500 in the back.
$5,500.
And $4,500 now.
And $4,500.
Great.
This is the one that's on the cover of the catalog.
$100,000 is the only thing to go on.
$100,000.
With me, $100,000, brother.
$100,000, that's nearly $100,000.
$100,000 would be at $100,000.
At $100,000, any more than $100,000, $110,000, $120,000, $130,000, $140,000, $150,000.
At $150,000, near the bank, $150,000 at $150,000.
Any more than $150,000 is near the bank.
at 150,000 lots.
At the last time, 150,000.
So, Joseph.
And of 94, Charles and Mary Lamb.
I have...
Two bids, $700 on this, $720, I would say.
$720, still would be $720, and $720, $750.
At the back, $750.
Seated at the back, $750, $750.
$800, on my right, $50, $100, and $50, $1,000, $1,100, $1,200, $2,800.
Lot 95.
Lawson, $1,500.
$1,500.
$1,800.
$2,000.
$2,200.
$2,500.
At $2,500.
At $2,500 anymore, $2,500.
All the other $2,500.
Lot 96.
The life of Shakespeare, $1,000 to this, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,200, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500, $1,600, $1,600, $1,500, $1,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,500, $2,500
3,800 on my left at 3,800 dollars at 3,800 dollars at 3,800 dollars.
Lot 97, the Rockefeller, two announcements.
The first is that the finding was finished.
on 31st July 1913, and also, as of yesterday, I feel confident to announce that this was an atmosphere, it was a few more of the same.
It has a few more of the problems, a lot of other selections.
$30,000 of this, $30,000, $30,000, $30,000, $30,000, $35,000, $40,000, $45,000, $45,000, $45,000, $50,000, $55,000, $60,000, $65,000, $70,000, that's $70,000, any more than $70,000 and $70,000.
That's it.
But, in 1998, the San Dorskian stuff, the Parkinson's, apparently to go away,
$1,500.
$1,700.
$1,800.
$1,900.
$2,000.
$2,200.
$2,500.
Last 99, the Shakespeare tragedy of Romeo and Juliet.
Please note that the Binding of Volume I was finished on September 1913, and the Binding of Volume II was finished on September 1913.
Twenty thousand dollars for this?
$20,000, and $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $20,000, $25,000, $28,000, $30,000, $32,000, $25,000, $38,000, $40,000, $40,000, $40,000, $40,000, $40,000.
At $40,000, $40,000, $40,000.
At $40,000, $40,000.
Joseph, type 3.
Lot 100, the shelly Prometheus outbound,
I have a tie bid of $15,000.
In this tie, $15,000 will break the tie.
$15,000 would be a $15,000.
$15,000.
$15,000, and the opening bid tie up for $15,000.
$18,000.
Bits on the armament at $18,000.
At $18,000, we are here to be at $18,000.
At $18,000, $19,000, $20,000.
At $20,000.
Again, set the aisle at $20,000.
At $21,000.
At $22,000.
At $23,000.
At $23,000, then I'll sell it on the left at $23,000.
Any more than $23,000?
At $23,000.
1101, we need a example of aluminum and operating on belt.
Again, I have tied bids, and I must say $5,500 to open again.
$5,500.
Bid is tied, $6,000 now.
We've got $6,500 in place.
$6,500 then, the back of the room, $6,500.
$7,000.
$7,500.
$8,000.
$5,000.
$1,000.
$9,500.
$10,000.
$12,000.
$13,000.
$14,000.
At $14,000.
Ladies, $15,000.
At $14,000 any more than $14,000.
The opening bid, I'll sell the opening bid, that's 750, all done, that's 750.
What is it said?
Lot of $103, I have two bits here, I have $800 to start, literally at $800, and $800, any more than $800, at $800 against everyone, at $800, and $50, $500 against you, at $50, $950, and $950, any more than $950, go.
$950.
Lot 104.
I have $2,200.
$2,400.
$2,600.
$2,800.
$3,000.
$3,500.
You're in a lovely position of having to do that.
Thank you very much.
Now, 105.
Queries and motion finding there.
$220, $250, $280, $280 here at $280, $320.
$320 against you, $320 now, $320, $50, $380 here, $380, $4 on the telephone now, $4 at $4.50, $480, $485 at $50, $550, $600, $50, $700, $700 at $700, $700, $700 at $700, $700 at $700.
1707, thank you.
The William Boreanazos stifles funding on Perrier, one of the steps, one of the steps, $650.
It's still $650.
$750.
$850.
$900.
$50.
$1,000.
That's a great time, thank you.
150.
That's big stuff coming up right now.
Bobby is leaving now.
$1,800 at $1,800 at $1,800 at $2,000 at $2,000 at $2,000 at $2,000 at $2,000 at $2,000 at $2,25 at $2,500 at $2,500 at $2,500 at $2,800 at $2,800 at $2,800
1702, thank you.
116, two more words worked, $530 for these, $550 for them, $550 for them, $750 for them, $750 for them.
$1,000 $1,000 $1,700 $1,500 $1,700 $1,800 $1,800 $1,800 $1,800 $1,800 $3,000 $3,000 $3,000 $3,000
Lot 117, the Zainsaw Jack bar.
I have a title here, $1,500 start today.
Finish time, $1,500.
$1,500.
$1,700.
$1,000.
$1,200.
$1,400.
$1,600.
$1,800.
$3,000.
$3,200.
$1,500.
$3,800.
$4,000.
At $4,000.
Near the back on my right, $4,000.
Any more than $4,000?
At $4,000.
Next.
Lot 118, the central keeps collection of three volumes.
last three of christmas 1980 i think for the 118 i am nine thousand dollars nine thousand this is nine thousand dollars nine five hundred ten thousand eleven thousand here twelve thousand thirteen thousand yesterday i'll take fourteen fifteen thousand yesterday
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
$119, $200, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250.
At 400 dollars now.
At 400 dollars, with the lady at 400 dollars.
At 400 dollars.
Not 120.
I have titles here, $1,500.
$1,500 of the opening bill is $1,500.
At $1,500, any more than $1,500?
$1,600.
At $1,600, only are the ladies billed $1,600 there.
At $1,600, $1,700.
$1,500.
$1,000.
$2,000.
$2,200 here at the front, $2,200 for the gentlemen, $2,200 at $2,200, now I need more, $2,200 for that.
Not $121, I have $400 bid on this.
The Swinburne, that's a lot, $400.
At $400, it is at $400, it will be at $400, $400, at $400, any more than $400, at $400, at $20, or $50, or $80, or $500.
At $500, that would be at $500, at $500, $102.
Plot 122.
I have $450 as the opening bid.
$450 as the opening bid.
$450.
Lot 123, beginning the sommelier collection now of the continental European markets in this collection.
I have $1,2,3.
I have $1,400 bid on this now.
$1,400.
I have two bids and I must say $1,400 to start with $1,600.
$1,800 with me then, $2,000.
Back of the room, $2,000.
$2,000 seated at the back of $2,200 on the telephone.
At $2,200.
On the telephone at $2,200.
Any more than $2,200.
And what's 124, the Shon-Bowd-Woo-Rourke Prairie Club application at the Korea Star Chamber,
I have lots of interest in this and two bids.
I have two bids below you here and I'm still with the bidding at $6,000.
The bid is with me at $6,000.
You bidding $7,500 at $7,000 against you.
$7,500 is $8,000 against you.
It's with me at $8,000.
At $8,000, the bid is with me at $8,000.
$8,500, the bid is on the door.
At $8,500, the telephone bid is $8,500.
At $8,500, our cell for the telephone bid is $8,500.
But, 1, 2, 5, the first, the important memorial finding, I'm going to have lots of interest in this, and I must say $1,100 will be at $1,100, and $1,100 will be at $1,100, $1,200, $1,300 against $1,400, $1,400, $1,500 on the island, $1,600, $1,700, $1,800,
1,800 still at the back of the room against the wall and 1,900 on the telegram.
2,000 locked at the back of the room.
2,000 at the back of the room, 2,000.
2,200 on the phone.
2,400 on the phone.
Lot 126, I have three ways on this lot, and I must say, 700 dollars to start.
700 dollars, the opening bill is 700, and 700 dollars, and 750, 800, and 50, 900, and 50.
at 1,000 at the back of the yard 1,100 now we've been raised 1,200 1,300 1,400 1,400 at 1,400 at the very back of 1,400 1,400 at 1,500 here's two on the boat 1,500 1,600 1,300 1,800 1,800 at 1,800 is the telephone list of 1,800 at 1,800 is the telephone list of 1,800 dollars
$1,710, thank you.
$850 for this, $850, $1,300, $1,300, $1,400, $1,300, $1,400, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500,
Thank you.
And lots of 1, 2, 8, the Messier with the very nice of the floor.
Again, time is here.
$1,500 is the opening bid.
$1,500 at $1,500.
Now, $1,500, any more than $1,500.
I'll sell that for the opening bid, $1,500 at $1,500, any more than $1,500.
Only one second.
I have a small announcement to make, that this finding bears 30 portmarks that were in use from 1864 and 1893.
I have two bids on this, starts at $1,500, starts at $1,500, then $1,800, $2,000 now.
$2,200 bits at the back, $2,200.
$2,200 now.
Bits at the back of the road, $2,200.
$2,200.
$2,600.
$2,800.
$3,000.
$3,200.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$4,000.
$4,200.
$4,500.
$4,800.
$5,000.
$5,500.
We're getting down the various property sections.
$5,000 any more than $5,000.
Thank you.
Lots of 131, the year earlier, two body findings at the sale.
$15,000 that looks $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000 and $18,000 and $18,000 that would be $18,000 and $18,000
$24,000, it's with me, $24,000, $25,000.
It may sell the lady on the phone $25,000 at $25,000 then, and $25,000 from the phone at $25,000.
$1708.
Thank you very much indeed.
And the second of the Bonnet IDs, the later one,
15,000 again, 15,000, 16,000 would be still, 17,000, 18,000, 18,000, still would be 18,000.
At 18,000 the benefit still would be 19,000, 20,000 again.
20,000 what?
21,000, 22,000.
At twenty-two, twenty-three thousand, twenty-four thousand, if it's your debt.
At twenty-four thousand, twenty-four, twenty-five thousand, may sell for the other side.
Twenty-five thousand dollars at twenty-five thousand dollars.
It's a telephone bill of twenty-five thousand dollars, all done at twenty-five thousand dollars.
Seventeen, ten.
Thank you.
$600 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $850 at $850 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750 at $750
$1,000 now, selling for both, $1,100 now in time, $1,100 from the room, at $1,100, $1,100, $1,300, $1,300, $1,300, $1,300, $1,600, $1,700, $1,800, $1,700, $1,800, $1,700, $1,800
$2,000.
$2,200.
$3,200.
$2,400.
$2,600.
$2,800.
$3,000.
$5,2,6.
Thank you.
You've got 134, Champs-Élysées.
Why would you do this?
500 dollars.
500 of this and 500.
And 500 dollars.
50, 650, that's 650.
That's 650 dollars and 650 dollars.
All done at 650 and 650 dollars.
650 and 650 dollars.
Lot 11, 35.
Lot 11.
Sean Paul will move again, $350.
$350 and $354.
$50.
$500.
$600.
Get it back at $600 and $50.
$700 and $50.
$800 and $50.
$900.
at nine hundred dollars 50. one thousand eleven hundred twelve hundred thirteen hundred fourteen hundred fifteen hundred fifteen hundred dollars and a new place at fifteen hundred dollars at fifteen hundred dollars any more than fifteen hundred forty euros thank you very much and doctor one three seven
Crepe binding on the Schmied Vini Daphne of 137.
I have...
$6,500 for a week, and $6,500 in his bid.
I'll take $68 because I have $7,000, $7,000, $7,500 now.
$7,500, near the back, $7,500, $8,000, $8,500, $9,000, $9,500, $10,000, $30,000, $12,000, $13,000.
At $13,000 at the back, $13,000.
At $13,000, $14,000, $15,000.
$16,000.
$17,000.
At $17,000.
At the right, $17,000.
Again, Terry Wilde, $17,000.
Thank you.
What, um...
One hundred and thirty-eight.
Five hundred and fifty for this.
Five hundred and fifty for six hundred and fifty.